June 2023 CrUX Release (for May data) (#6598)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/crux/release-notes/index.md

In the list below, we've curated some release notes for each monthly dataset. Subscribe to our [CrUX Announce](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/forum/#!forum/chrome-ux-report-announce) mailing list or follow [@ChromeUXReport](https://twitter.com/ChromeUXReport) on Twitter for release Announcements.

## 202305

[Announcement](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/chrome-ux-report-announce/c/13hl37E28RE)

Publication date
 : Jun 13, 2023

What's new

> We’re seeing a slight decrease again this month for LCP and FCP due to the final roll outs of the [change in LCP to ignore low-entropy images](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/refs/heads/main/docs/speed/metrics_changelog/2023_04_lcp.md) and [correction in paint timing](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/refs/heads/main/docs/speed/metrics_changelog/2023_03_lcp_fcp.md) discussed last month. However, despite this, the overall good LCP, FID, and CLS rates are up slightly from last month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're seeing a slight decrease again this month for LCP and FCP due to the final roll outs of the [change in LCP to ignore low-entropy images](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/refs/heads/main/docs/speed/metrics_changelog/2023_04_lcp.md) and [correction in paint timing](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/refs/heads/main/docs/speed/metrics_changelog/2023_03_lcp_fcp.md) discussed last month. However, despite this, the overall good LCP, FID, and CLS rates are up slightly from last month.
```

We are aware that some origins that redirect their root page (for example, https://www.example.com that automatically redirects to https://www.example.com/en/) are not showing origin-level data in CrUX, and so are also not appearing in the BigQuery dataset. We're also aware that this has been going on for some time. Unfortunately, this is proving a difficult issue to resolve and so we still do not have an estimated time of when this will be resolved.

Notable stats
 : - 18,377,791 origins

>  : - 43.6% of origins have good [Core Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals/#core-web-vitals)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 : - 43.6% of origins have good [Core Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals/#core-web-vitals)

```
